c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\RSPUserApi.dll.config
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\RSPUserApi.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\RSPUserApi.pdb
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\obj\Debug\RSPUserApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\obj\Debug\RSPUserApi.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\obj\Debug\RSPUserApi.pdb
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\DAL.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Domain.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\DAL.pdb
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Domain.pdb
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\elijah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\RSPUserApi.dll.config
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\RSPUserApi.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\RSPUserApi.pdb
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\DAL.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Domain.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\DAL.pdb
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Domain.pdb
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\obj\Debug\RSPUserApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\obj\Debug\RSPUserApi.dll
D:\GitHub\RSP\WebAPI\CSharp\RSPUserApi\RSPUserApi\obj\Debug\RSPUserApi.pdb
